---
layout: page
title: Publications
---
1.  Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Praveen Gatla, Nikita Kanwar and Anil Kumar Singh. Deep Learning based Similar Languages’ POS Tagging: Experiments on Bhojpuri, Maithili and Magahi. In Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Soft Computing: Theories and Applications. Shimla, India. December 2022.
1.	Amit Kumar, Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Ajay Pratap and Anil Kumar Singh. TLSPG: Transfer learning-based semi-supervised pseudo-corpus generation approach for zero-shot translation. Journal of King Saud University-Computer and Information Sciences. Elseviers. Volume 34, Issue 9. October 2022. Pages 6552-6563. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jksuci.2022.03.008.
1.	Amit Kumar, Ajay Pratap and Anil Kumar Singh. Generative Adversarial Neural Machine Translation for Phonetic Languages via Reinforcement Learning. IEEE Transactions on Emerging Topics in Computational Intelligence (TETCI). 2022. In press.
1.	Rupjyoti Baruah and Anil Kumar Singh. A Clinical Practice by Machine Translation on Low Resource Languages. In Natural Language Processing in Healthcare: A Special Focus on Low Resource Languages. atya Ranjan Dash, Shantipriya Parida, Esaú Villatoro Tello, Biswaranjan Acharya, Ondrej Bojar (Ed.). CRC Press. 2022.
1.	Naina Yadav, Sukomal Pal, Anil Kumar Singh and Kartikey Singh. Clus-DR: Cluster-based pre-trained model for diverse recommendation generation. Journal of King Saud University-Computer and Information Sciences. Elsevier. Volume 34, Issue 8, Part B. September 2022. Pages 6385-6399. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jksuci.2022.02.010.
1.	Naina Yadav, Anil Kumar Singh and Sukomal Pal. Improved self‐attentive Musical Instrument Digital Interface content‐based music recommendation system. Computational Intelligence. Volume 38, Issue 4. August 2022. Wiley. Pages 1232-1257. https://doi.org/10.1111/coin.12501.
1.	Amit Kumar, Ajay Pratap, Anil Kumar Singh and Sriparna Saha. Addressing Domain Shift in Neural Machine Translation via Reinforcement Learning. Expert Systems With Applications. Volume 201, Issue C. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eswa.2022.117039.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Swasti Mishra and Anil Kumar Singh. Hierarchical self attention based sequential labelling model for Bhojpuri, Maithili and Magahi languages. Journal of King Saud University - Computer and Information Sciences. 2021. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jksuci.2021.09.022.
1.	Avi Chawla, Nidhi Mulay, Vikas Bishnoi, Gaurav Dhama and Anil Kumar Singh. A Comparative Study of Transformers on Word Sense Disambiguation. Proceedings of International Conference on Neural Information Processing. Bali, Indonesia. 2021. Springer. pp 748-756.
1.	Rupjyoti Baruah, Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya and Anil Kumar Singh. Low Resource Neural Machine Translation: Assamese to/from Other Indo-Aryan (Indic) Languages. ACM Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing. Vol. 21. Issue 1. 2021. pp 1-32.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Swasti Mishra, Anil Kumar Singh. Hierarchical self attention based sequential labelling model for Bhojpuri, Maithili and Magahi languages. Journal of King Saud University-Computer and Information Sciences. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jksuci.2021.09.022. Elsevier. 2021.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Manish Kumar Singh, Rahul Kapur, Swasti Mishra and Anil Kumar Singh. Linguistic Resources for Bhojpuri, Magahi, and Maithili: Statistics about Them, Their Similarity Estimates, and Baselines for Three Applications. ACM Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing. Volume 20, Issue 6. November 2021. pp 1-37. 
1.	Ashish Ranjan, Anil Kumar Singh, Anil Kumar Thakur, Ravi Bhushan Mishra and Vibhav Prakash Singh. Sentential Negation Identification of FMRI Data Using k-NN. Agrawal, S., Kumar Gupta, K., H. Chan, J., Agrawal, J., & Gupta, M. (Eds.). (2021). Machine Intelligence and Smart Systems. Algorithms for Intelligent Systems. Springer, Singapore. doi:10.1007/978-981-33-4893-6. pp 657-664. 
1.	Pranav Ajeet Nair and Anil Kumar Singh. Improving Abstractive Summarization with Commonsense Knowledge. Proceedings of the Student Research Workshop associated with RANLP-2021. pp 135–143.
1.	Pranav Ajeet Nair and Anil Kumar Singh. On Reducing Repetition in Abstractive Summarization. Proceedings of the Student Research Workshop associated with RANLP-2021. pp 126–134.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Arpit Mehta, Rupjyoti Baruah and Anil Kumar Singh. Integration of morphological features and contextual weightage using monotonic chunk attention for part of speech tagging. Journal of King Saud University-Computer and Information Sciences. Volume 34, Issue 9. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jksuci.2021.08.023. Elsevier. pp 7324-7334.
1.	Yadav, Naina; Mundotiya, Rajesh Kumar; Singh, Anil Kumar. Tag-based Personalized Collaborative Movie Recommender System. Journal of Information Assurance & Security. 2021. Vol. 16 Issue 1, pp 1-9.
1.	Priyankit Acharya, Aditya Ku. Pathak, Rakesh Ch. Balabantaray, Anil Ku. Singh. Language Identification of Devanagari Poems. arXiv:2012.15023 [cs.CL]. 2020.	
1.	Naina Yadav and Anil Kumar Singh. Bi-directional Encoder Representation of Transformer model for Sequential Music Recommender System. Proceedings of Forum for Information Retrieval Evaluation. 2020. pp 49-53.
1.	Amit Kumar, Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya and Anil Kumar Singh. Unsupervised Approach for Zero-Shot Experiments: Bhojpuri–Hindi and Magahi–Hindi@LoResMT 2020. Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on Technologies for MT of Low Resource Languages. 2020. pp 43–46.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Rupjyoti Baruah, Bhavana Srivastava, Anil Kumar Singh. NLPRL at WNUT-2020 Task 2: ELMo-based System for Identification of COVID-19 Tweets. Proceedings of the 2020 EMNLP Workshop W-NUT: The Sixth Workshop on Noisy User-generated Text. 2020. pp 419-422.
1.	Rupjyoti Baruah, Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Amit Kumar and Anil kumar Singh. NLPRL System for Very Low Resource Supervised Machine Translation. Proceedings of the 5th Conference on Machine Translation (WMT), 2020. pp 1075-1078.
1.	Samapika Roy, Sukhada Sukhada and Anil Kumar Singh. Parsing Indian English News Headlines. Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Natural Language Processing. Patna, India. 2020. pages 239–242.
1.	Amit Kumar, Rupjyoti Baruah, Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya and Anil Kumar Singh. Transformer-based neural machine translation system for Hindi–Marathi: WMT20 shared task. Proceedings of the 5th Conference on Machine Translation (WMT). 2020. pp 393-395.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Vikrant Kumar, Arpit Mehta and Anil Kumar Singh. Attention-based Domain Adaption Using Transfer Learning for Part-of-Speech Tagging: An Experiment on the Hindi language. Proceedings of the 34th Pacific Asia Conference on Language, Information and Computation. Hanoi, Vietnam. 2020. pp 471-477.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Shantanu Kumar, Ajeet Kumar, Umesh Chandra Chaudhary, Supriya Chauhan, Swasti Mishra, Praveen Gatla and Anil Kumar Singh. Development of a Dataset and a Deep Learning Baseline Named Entity Recognizer for Three Low Resource Languages: Bhojpuri, Maithili and Magahi. ACM Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing. https://doi.org/10.1145/3533428. ACM. 2022.
1.	Ashish Ranjan, Vibhav Prakash Singh, Anil Kumar Singh, Anil Kumar Thakur and Ravi Bhushan Mishra. Classifying Brain State in Sentence Polarity Exposure: An ANN Model for fMRI Data. Vol. 34, No. 3. International Information and Engineering Technology Association (IIETA). pp 361-368.
1.	Naina Yadav, Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Anil Kumar Singh and Sukomal Pal. Diversity in recommendation system: A cluster based approach. Proceedings of International Conference on Hybrid Intelligent Systems. 2019. Springer. pp 113-122.
1.	Akhilesh Sudhakar and Anil Kumar Singh and Saurav Jha. Learning cross-lingual phonological and orthagraphic adaptations: a case study in improving neural machine translation between low-resource languages. Journal of Language Modelling. Vol. 7, No. 2. 2019. Institute of Computer Science Polish Academy of Sciences Warsaw. pp 101-142.
1.	Amit Kumar and Anil Kumar Singh. NLPRL at WAT2019: Transformer-based Tamil–English indic task neural machine translation system. Proceedings of the 6th Workshop on Asian Translation. Hong Kong, China. 2019. pp 171–174.
1.	Avijit Thawani, Biplav Srivastava and Anil Kumar Singh. Swow-8500: Word association task for intrinsic evaluation of word embeddings. Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on Evaluating Vector Space Representations for NLP at NAACL. Minneapolis, USA. 2019. pp 43–51.
1.	Shreyansh Singh, Ayush Sharma, Avi Chawla and A.K. Singh. IIT (BHU) Varanasi at MSR-SRST 2018: A Language Model Based Approach for Natural Language Generation. Proceedings of the First Workshop on Multilingual Surface Realisation at ACL 2018. Melbourne, Australia. 2018. pp 29-34. 
1.	Conference Paper Presentations (India)
1.	Akhilesh Sudhakar, Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya and Anil Kumar Singh. Experiments on Deep Morphological Inflection. 19th International Conference on Computational Linguistics and Intelligent Text Processing. Hanoi, Vietnam. 2018.
1.	Rishabh Jain and Anil Kumar Singh. Experiments on morphological reinflection: CoNLL-2018 shared task. Proceedings of the CoNLL–SIGMORPHON 2018 Shared Task: Universal Morphological Reinflection. Brussels, Belgium. 2018. pp 48–57.
1.	Soumil Mandal and Anil Kumar Singh. Language Identification in Code-Mixed Data using Multichannel Neural Networks and Context Capture. Proceedings of the 2018 EMNLP Workshop W-NUT: The 4th Workshop on Noisy User-generated Text. Brussels, Belgium. 2018. pp 116–120.
1.	Devang Kulshreshtha, Pranav Goel and Anil Kumar Singh. How emotional are you? Neural architectures for emotion intensity prediction in microblogs. Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Computational Linguistics. Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA. 2018. pp 2914–2926.
1.	Divyanshu Gupta, Gourav Dhakad, Jayprakash Gupta and Anil Kumar Singh. IIT (BHU) System for Indo-Aryan language identification (ILI) at VarDial 2018. Proceedings of the Fifth Workshop on NLP for Similar Languages, Varieties and Dialects at COLING. Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA. 2018. pp 185–190.
1.	Shashwat Trivedi, Harsh Rangwani and Anil Kumar Singh. IIT (BHU) submission for the ACL shared task on named entity recognition on code-switched data. Proceedings of The Third Workshop on Computational Approaches to Code-Switching. Melbourne, Australia. 2018. pp 148–153. 
1.	Harsh Rangwani, Devang Kulshreshtha and Anil Kumar Singh. NLPRL-IITBHU at SemEval-2018 task 3: Combining linguistic features and emoji pre-trained CNN for irony detection in Tweets. Proceedings of the 12th International Workshop on Semantic Evaluation (SemEval-2018). New Orleans, Louisiana. 2018. pp 638–642.
1.	Krishnkant Swarnkar and Anil Kumar Singh. Di-LSTM contrast: A deep neural network for metaphor detection. Proceedings of the ACL Workshop on Figurative Language Processing. New Orleans, Louisiana. 2018. pp 115-120.
1.	Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya, Manish Kumar Singh and Anil Kumar Singh. NLPRL@ INLI-2018: Hybrid gated LSTM-CNN model for Indian Native Language Identification. Proceedings of the Forum for Information Retrieval. Gandhinagar, India. 2018. pp 95-101.
1.	Akhilesh Sudhakar and Anil Kumar Singh. Neural Morphological Disambiguation Using Surface and Contextual Morphological Awareness. Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Natural Language Processing. Kolkata, India. 2017. pp 485-494.
1.	Saurav Jha, Aanchal Chaurasia, Akhilesh Sudhakar and Anil Kumar Singh. Reference Scope Identification for Citances Using Convolutional Neural Network. Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Natural Language Processing. Kolkata, India. 2017. pp 23-32.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, Avijit Thawani, Anubhav Gupta and Rajesh Kumar Mundotiya. Evaluating Opinion Summarization in Ranking. Proceedings of 13th Asia Information Retrieval Societies Conference, AIRS 2017, Jeju Island, South Korea. November 22-24, 2017. Springer. pp 232-234.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, Avijit Thawani, Mayank Panchal, Anubhav Gupta and Julian McAuley. IJCNLP-2017 Task 3: Review Opinion Diversification (RevOpiD-2017). Proceedings of the 8th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing, Shared Tasks. Taipei, Taiwan. 2017. pp 17-25.
1.	Shashikant Sharma, Anil Kumar Singh. Word Transduction for Addressing the OOV Problem in Machine Translation for Similar Resource-Scarce Languages. Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Finite State Methods and Natural Language Processing. Umea, Sweden. 2017. pp 56-63.
1.	Akhilesh Sudhakar and Anil Kumar Singh. Experiments on Morphological Reinflection: CoNLL-2017 Shared Task. Proceedings of the CoNLL SIGMORPHON 2017 Shared Task: Universal Morphological Reinflection. Vancouver, Canada. 2017. pp 71-78.
1.	Ashish Ranjan, R. B. Mishra and A. K. Singh. Intelligent Computing Methods in Language Processing by Brain. Proceedings of International Conference on Advanced Informatics for Computing Research. Jalandhar, Punjab. 2017. Springer, Singapore. pp 31-41.
1.	Pranav Goel and Anil Kumar Singh. IIT (BHU): System Description for LSDSem’17 Shared Task. Proceedings of the 2nd Workshop on Linking Models of Lexical, Sentential and Discourse-level Semantics. Valencia, Spain. 2017. pp 81-86. 
1.	Dipti Misra Sharma, Rajeev Sangal and Anil Kumar Singh (Ed.). Proceedings of the 13thInternational Conference on Natural Language Processing. Varanasi, India. NLP Association of India. 2016. 
1.	Manpreet Kaur, Nishu Kumari, Anil Kumar Singh, Rajeev Sangal. IIT (BHU) Submission for the CoNLL-2016 Shared Task: Shallow Discourse Parsing using Semantic Lexicon. Berlin, Germany. 2016. pp 108-114.
1.	Shubham Mukherjee, Abhishek Tiwari, Mohit Gupta, Anil Kumar Singh. Shallow Discourse Parsing with Syntactic and (a Few) Semantic Features. Proceedings of the Nineteenth Conference on Computational Natural Language Learning: Shared Task. Beijing, China. 2015. pp 61-65.
1.	C Ravindranath Chowdary, Anil Kumar Singh, Anil Nelakanti. Responding to Retrieval: A Proposal to Use Retrieval Information for Better Presentation of Website Content. Proceeding of Current Trends in Web Engineering, International Conference on Web Engineering. Rotterdam, The Netherlands. Springer. 2015. pp 103-114.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, C Ravindranath Chowdary. Centrality based document ranking. Proceedings of the Twenty-Third Text REtrieval Conference (TREC 2014). Gaithersburg, Maryland. 2014.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Pratya Goyal. A Language Identification Method Applied to Twitter Data. Proceedings of the Tweet Language Identification Workshop, SEPLN. Girona, Spain. 2014. pp 26-29.
1.	Akshar Bharati, Rajeev Sangal, Dipti Sharma and Anil Kumar Singh. SSF: A Common Representation Scheme for Language Analysis for Language Technology Infrastructure Development. Proceedings of the Workshop on Open Infrastructures and Analysis Frameworks for HLT. Dublin, Ireland. 2014. pp 66-76.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. A Set of Annotation Interfaces for Alignment of Parallel Corpora. The Prague Bulletin of Mathematical Linguistics. Number 102. October 2014. De Gruyter Poland. pp 57-68.
1.	Guillaume Wisniewski, Anil Kumar Singh, François Yvon. Quality Estimation for Machine Translation: Some Lessons Learned. Machine Translation. Vol. 27, No. 3. 2013. Springer Netherlands. pp 3-28.
1.	Guillaume Wisniewski, Anil Kumar Singh, Natalia Segal, Yvon François. Design and analysis of a large corpus of post-edited translations: quality estimation, failure analysis and the variability of post-edition. Proceedings of Machine Translation Summit XIV. Nice, France. 2013. pp 117-124.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, Guillaume Wisniewski, François Yvon. LIMSI Submission for the WMT’13 Quality Estimation Task: an Experiment with n-gram Posteriors. Proceedings of the Eighth Workshop on Statistical Machine Translation. Safia, Bulgaria. 2013. pp 398–404.
1.	Rahul Agarwal, Bharat Ram Ambati, Anil Kumar Singh. A GUI to Detect and Correct Errors in Hindi Dependency Treebank. Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC'12). Istanbul, Turkey. 2012. pp 1907-911.
1.	Kiran Pala, Anil Kumar Singh and Suryakanth V Gangashetty. Games for Academic Vocabulary Learning Through a Virtual Environment. Proceedings of International Conference on Asian Language Processing. Penang, Malaysia. 2011. pp 295-298.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, Sethuramalingam Subramaniam and Taraka Rama. Transliteration as Alignment vs. Transliteration as Generation for the Purpose of Crosslingual Information Retrieval. Traitement Automatique des Langues, Special Issue on Multilingualism and NLP. Vol. 51, Number 2. 2010. pp 95-117.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Bharat Ambati. An Integrated Digital Tool for Accessing Language Resources. In Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC). Malta. 2010. pp 190-195.
1.	Sudheer Kolachina, Prasanth Kolachina, Anil Kumar Singh, Viswanath Naidu and Samar Husain. Grammar Extraction from Treebanks for Hindi and Telugu. In Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC). Malta. 2010. pp 3803-3810.
1.	Y. Viswanatha Naidu, Anil Kumar Singh, Dipti Misra Sharma and Akshar Bharati. Improving the Performance of the Link Parser. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Asian Language Processing. Singapore. 2009. pp 220-225.
1.	Taraka Rama and Anil Kumar Singh. From Bag of Languages to Family Trees From Noisy Corpus. In Proceedings of the Conference on Recent Advances in Natural Language Processing. Borovets, Bulgaria. 2009. pp 355-359.
1.	Sethuramalingam S, Anil Kumar Singh and Pradeep Dasigi. Experiments in CLIR Using Fuzzy String Search Based on Surface Similarity. In Proceedings of the 32nd Annual SIGIR Conference. Boston, Massachusetts. 2009. pp 682-683.
1.	Taraka Rama, Anil Kumar Singh and Sudheer Kolachina. Modeling Letter to Phoneme Conversion as a Phrase Based Statistical Machine Translation Problem with Minimum Error Rate Training. In Proceedings of the NAACL Student Research Workshop. Boulder, Colorado. 2009. pp 90-95.
1.	Jagadeesh Gorla, Anil Kumar Singh, Rajeev Sangal, Karthik Gali, Samar Husain and Sriram Venkatapathy. A Graph Based Method for Building Multilingual Weakly Supervised Dependency Parsers. In Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Natural Language Processing (GoTAL). Gothenburg, Sweden. 2008. pp 148-159.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, Kiran Pala and Harshit Surana. Estimating the Cost of Adapting the Resources of One Language for Another. In Proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC). Marrakech, Morocco. 2008. pp 3514-3519.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. An Outline of a Multilingual Natural Language Text and Speech Interface for Computing Devices in the South Asian Context. In Proceedings of the IUI Workshop on Intelligent User Interfaces for Developing Regions (IUI4DR). Canary Islands, Spain. 2008. pp 34-37.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh (Ed.). Proceedings of the IJCNLP-08 Workshop on NLP for Less Privileged Languages. Hyderabad, India. Asian Federation of Natural Language Processing. 2008.
1.	Rajeev Sangal, Dipti Misra Sharma and Anil Kumar Singh (Ed.). Proceedings of the IJCNLP-08 Workshop on Named Entity Recognition for South and South East Asian Languages. Hyderabad, India. Asian Federation of Natural Language Processing. 2008.
1.	Natural Language Processing. Hyderabad, India. 2008. pp 957-962.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. Natural Language Processing for Less Privileged Languages: Where do we come from? Where are we going? In Proceedings of the IJCNLP-08 Workshop on NLP for Less Privileged Languages. Hyderabad, India. 2008. pp 7-12.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. Named Entity Recognition for South and South East Asian Languages: Taking Stock. In Proceedings of the IJCNLP-08 Workshop on Named Entity Recognition for South and South East Asian Languages. Hyderabad, India. 2008. pp 5-15.	
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. A Mechanism to Provide Language-Encoding Support and an NLP Friendly Editor. In Proceedings of the Third International Joint Conference on 1.	Anil Kumar Singh. Open Source Software and Object Oriented Technology. Tutorial at the Conference on Free and Open Source Software (FOSSCONF). Chennai, India. 2008.
1.	Harshit Surana and Anil Kumar Singh. A More Discerning and Adaptable Multilingual Transliteration Mechanism for Indian Languages. Proceedings of the Third International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing. Hyderabad, India. 2008. pp 957-962.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. Extraction and Translation of Multi-Word Number Expressions. In Proceedings of the 3rd Indian International Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Pune, India. 2007. 1838-1851.
1.	Chinnappa Guggilla and Anil Kumar Singh. A Java Implementation of an Extended Word Alignment Algorithm Based on the IBM Models. In Proceedings of the 3rd Indian International Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Pune, India. 2007. pp 1897-1913.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Samar Husain. Exploring Translation Similarities for Building a Better Sentence Aligner. In Proceedings of the 3rd Indian International Conference on Artificial Intelligence. Pune, India. 2007. pp 1852-1863.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, Samar Husain, Harshit Surana, Jagadeesh Gorla, Chinnappa Guggilla and Dipti Misra Sharma. Disambiguating Tense, Aspect and Modality Markers for Correcting Machine Translation Errors. In Proceedings of the Conference on Recent Advances in Natural Language Processing. Borovets, Bulgaria. 2007. pp 536-540.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh, Harshit Surana and Karthik Gali. More Accurate Fuzzy Text Search for Languages Using Abugida Scripts. In Proceedings of ACM SIGIR Workshop on Improving Web Retrieval for Non-English Queries. Amsterdam, Netherlands. 2007. pp 71-78.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Harshit Surana. Can Corpus Based Measures be Used for Comparative Study of Languages? In Proceedings of the Ninth Meeting of ACL Special Interest Group on Computational Phonology and Morphology. Prague, Czech Republic. 2007. pp 40-47.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Harshit Surana. Using a Single Framework for Computational Modeling of Linguistic Similarity for Solving Many NLP Problems. In Proceedings of Eurolan Doctoral Consortium. Iasi, Romania. 2007. pp 46-53.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Harshit Surana. Multilingual Akshar Based Transducer for South and South East Asian Languages which Use Indic Scripts. In Proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Natural Language Processing. AFNLP. Pattaya, Thailand. 2007.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Harshit Surana. Using a Model of Scripts for Shallow Morphological Analysis Given an Unannotated Corpus. ADD-2 Workshop on Morpho-Syntactic Analysis. Bangkok, Thailand. AFNLP. March, 2007.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Harshit Surana. Study of Cognates among South Asian Languages for the Purpose of Building Lexical Resources. Journal of Language Technology. Dept. of IT, Govt. of India. 2007. Pp 78-82.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Jagadeesh Gorla. Identification of Languages and Encodings in a Multilingual Document. In Proceedings of the 3rd ACL SIGWAC Workshop on Web As Corpus. Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium. 2007. pp 1-14.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. A Computational Phonetic Model for Indian Language Scripts. In Proceedings of Constraints on Spelling Changes: Fifth International Workshop on Writing Systems. Nijmegen, The Netherlands, October, 2006. 
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. Study of Some Distance Measures for Language and Encoding Identification. In Proceeding of ACL 2006 Workshop on Linguistic Distances. Sydney, Australia. July 2006. 63-72.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh. A Framework for Computational Processing of Spelling Variation. Conference on New Ways of Analyzing Variation (NWAV-35). Columbus, Ohio. November, 2006.
1.	Anil Kumar Singh and Samar Husain. Comparison, Selection and Use of Sentence Alignment Algorithms for New Language Pairs. In Proceedings of ACL 2005 Workshop on Parallel Text. Association of Computational Linguistics. Ann Arbor, Michigan. June 2005. pp 99-106.
